                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (FALL 2020)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


               Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #3

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Ayon Biswas

 
B: Robert Herndon

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	 15		15
coding 	  	  	 	30		30
writeup 	  	  	 10		10
planning (alone) 	  	  5	 	5
total (including meetings) 	  60	  	60


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
	A) I setup the process.cpp distribution of submtrices and the 2d version of solve.py. Additionally, I ran several test using Bang and on Comet. I contributed to report writing.
	
	B) I setup SSE code and a primitive for communication model. Additionally, I ran several test using Bang and fewer on Comet.

(b) Did you complete the assignment?
	Yes
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
	A) We work at the same time and during the night. So we both do the work synchrounously.

	B) I think we work well as a team, each playing to our own strengths. I think I could have been more helpful with assisting the coding primatives for the helper code.

(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
	MPI Communication and Interfacing
	HPC Methods

(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
	A) Plan ahead.

	B) Other than the time contraint, I really enjoyed this team.
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
	A)NA
	
	B) N/A

